{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13400\viewh14580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <head>\
	<title> Jordan Website</title>\
	<link rel=\'93stylesheet\'94 type=\'93text/css\'94 href=\'93compsci2.css\'94>\
	</head>\
<div class = "intro">\
  <h1> Jordan Rayford's Essentials\
  </h1>\
  <p>\
    These are my essentials. The things I love.\
  </p>\
</div>\
<div class = "Playstation">\
  <h3> PS5 </h3>\
  <p> My Playstation 5 is something I have missed dearly, while being at boarding school. When they first came out they were in high demand and were impossible to get. However, with some luck, and patience, I was fortunate enough to get one. Now, I play primarly FIFA and try out some other games. I love playing with my friends online and also playing againt playing agaisnt randinm people online. Somethimes I get mad, but overall, my PS5 makes me very happy.\
</div>\
<div class="bball">\
  <h3>Basketball</h3>\
    <p>\
      I love playing basektball, so my next essential is a basketball. I am always playing, and it is a break from everything.\
</div>\
<div class = "comp">\
  <h3>Computer</h3>\
  <p>\
    My computer is something I always need to have with me. Everything I do is on my computer. Watching movies, facetiming friends, or doing my homework. I have had this computer since 2017, so it is probably time for an upgrade, but for now it is one of my essentials.\
<head>}